SONAR-15251 Add upgrade instructions (#68)
SonarSource/helm-chart-sonarqube: charts/sonarqube/README.md

$ helm delete kindly-newt
```

## Upgrade

> 1. Take some time to read the [SonarQube Upgrade Guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/upgrading/) & follow the instructions there (most important: backup your database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read through the [SonarQube Upgrade Guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/upgrading/) to familiarize yourself with the general upgrade process (most importantly, back up your database)
```

2. Change the SonarQube version on `values.yaml`

> 3. Redeploy SonarQube

Author: Hey @tobias-trabelsi-sonarsource , We discussed this with Mike and we agreed that it would be great to try to be more explicit here, clarify what we mean by "Redeploy", give a small example to disambiguate. Could you please suggest an example for point 3. please?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Redeploy SonarQube with the same helm chart (see [Install instructions](#installing-the-chart))
```
